Jackal
Erin E. Adams
Jackal.txt
Resumen:A young Black girl goes missing in the woods outside her white Rust Belt town. But she’s not the first—and she may not be the last. . . .
.
The Song of the Cell An Exploration of Medicine and the New Human
Siddhartha Mukherjee
The Song of the Cell An Exploration of Medicine and the New Human.txt
Resumen:From the author of The Emperor of All Maladies, winner of the Pulitzer Prize, and The Gene, a #1 New York Times bestseller, comes his most spectacular book yet, an exploration of medicine and our radical new ability to manipulate cells. Rich with Mukherjee’s revelatory and exhilarating stories of scientists, doctors, and the patients whose lives may be saved by their work, The Song of the Cell is the third book in this extraordinary writer’s exploration of what it means to be human.
.
Madly, Deeply The Diaries of Alan Rickman
Alan Rickman, Emma Thompson
Madly, Deeply The Diaries of Alan Rickman.txt
Resumen:Madly Deeply is a rare invitation into the mind of Alan Rickman—one of the most magnetic, beloved performers of our time.
.
Dracula
Bram Stoker
Dracula.txt
Resumen:When Jonathan Harker visits Transylvania to help Count Dracula with the purchase of a London house, he makes a series of horrific discoveries about his client. Soon afterwards, various bizarre incidents unfold in England: an apparently unmanned ship is wrecked off the coast of Whitby; a young woman discovers strange puncture marks on her neck; and the inmate of a lunatic asylum raves about the 'Master' and his imminent arrival.
.
Black Holes: The Key to Understanding Everything
Brian Cox, Jeffrey R. Forshaw
Black Holes: The Key to Understanding Everything.txt
Resumen:A brilliant exploration of the most exotic objects in the universe by Professor Brian Cox and Professor Jeff Forshaw.
.
Lavender House
Lev A.C. Rosen
Lavender House.txt
Resumen:A delicious story from a new voice in suspense, Lev AC Rosen's Lavender House is Knives Out with a queer historical twist.
.
Me
Elton John
Me.txt
Resumen:In his only official autobiography, music icon Elton John writes about his extraordinary life, which is also the subject of the film Rocketman.
.
The Little Prince
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Richard Howard (Translator)
The Little Prince.txt
Resumen:A pilot stranded in the desert awakes one morning to see, standing before him, the most extraordinary little fellow. "Please," asks the stranger, "draw me a sheep." And the pilot realizes that when life's events are too difficult to understand, there is no choice but to succumb to their mysteries. He pulls out pencil and paper... And thus begins this wise and enchanting fable that, in teaching the secret of what is really important in life, has changed forever the world for its readers.
.
The Happiest Man on Earth
Eddie Jaku
The Happiest Man on Earth.txt
Resumen:Eddie Jaku always considered himself a German first, a Jew second. He was proud of his country. But all of that changed in November 1938, when he was beaten, arrested and taken to a concentration camp.
.
The Chaos Machine: The Inside Story of How Social Media Rewired Our Minds and Our World
Max Fisher
The Chaos Machine.txt
Resumen:From a New York Times investigative reporter and Pulitzer Prize finalist, “an essential book for our times” (Ezra Klein), tracking the high-stakes inside story of how Big Tech’s breakneck race to drive engagement—and profits—at all costs fractured the world